			R-Forge SVN README

(See "http://download.r-forge.r-project.org/manuals/R-Forge_Manual.pdf")

1. Introduction
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
R is free software distributed under a GNU-style copyleft. R-Forge is
a central platform for the development of R packages, R-related 
software and further projects. Among many other web-based features it 
provides facilities for collaborative source code management via 
Subversion (SVN).

2. The directory you're in
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
This is the repository of the TravelR project. It contains two important
pre-defined directories namely 'pkg' and 'www'. These directories must 
not be deleted otherwise R-Forge's core functionality will not be 
available (i.e., daily checking and building of your package or the 
project websites).
'pkg' and 'www' are standardized and therefore are going to be
described in this README. The rest of your repository can be used as
you like.

As of 4/25/2010, the working package is still a certain distance off.
Look at the 'pre-alpha' directory for source and a non-auto-built
version of the package.  Once that seems to be "code complete", it will
move to the 'pkg' directory and the 'pre-alpha' side will disappear.

3. 'pkg' directory
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
To make use of the package building and checking feature the package 
source code has to be put into the 'pkg' directory of your repository 
(i.e., 'pkg/DESCRIPTION', 'pkg/R', 'pkg/man', etc.) or, alternatively,
a subdirectory of 'pkg'. The latter structure allows for having more 
than one package in a single project, e.g., if a project consists of 
the packages foo and bar then the source code will be located in 
'pkg/foo' and 'pkg/bar', respectively.

R-Forge automatically examines the 'pkg' directory of every repository 
and builds the package sources as well as the package binaries on a
daily basis for Mac OSX and Windows (if applicable). The package builds
are provided in the 'R Packages' tab for download or can be installed
directly in R from a CRAN-style repository using 
'install.packages("foo", repos="http://R-Forge.R-project.org")'. 
Furthermore, in the 'R Packages' tab developers can examine logs 
generated by the build and check process on different platforms.

4. 'www' directory
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Developers may present their work on a subdomain of R-Forge, e.g.,
'http://foo.R-Forge.R-project.org', or via a link to an external
website.

This directory contains the project homepage which gets updated hourly
on R-Forge, so please take into consideration that it will not be 
available right after you commit your changes or additions. 

5. 'pre-alpha' directory
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
A non-standard folder with sub-folders for the source of each project.
The latest successfully built binary package (Windows, R 2.10.1) is
located in the root of this folder.  It may be downloaded and installed
from the local zip file.  Contact Jeremy Raw (jrawbits) if you have
trouble with this directory.

5. Help
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
If you need help don't hesitate to contact us at R-Forge@R-project.org

